# Clinical-Experience-Diary
07-05-2019

Waking up in the early morning, I felt a strong sense of loneliness and boredom. Because all my friends have gone to their home country, I have lost most of the connections. When I was alone, negativity took over my mind and a storng wave of imagination devoured me. Today I questioned myself a lot. I wonder if I am on the right track to pursue medicine, will I be able to accomplish my dream, when will I be able to make more friends and restore the connections that I have lost. Sometimes in the morning, I doubted my characterists as well as self-values. Nevertheless, at the instance when I stepped into the hospital, a different version of myself emerged. When I first arrived on the floor, the stuffs chatted with me a little. They asked me how my day went, and they went on talking about their own stories. Although I believed my answers didn't entertain them that much due to my terrible English and lack of creativity, I felt connected with other people! The smooth beginning that I had motivated me to excel on my today's duties. After I officially started volunteering, the first thing I did was putting the supply carts back into patients rooms. To be honest, I hated this job the most because it's boring and tiring. Despite I had this revulsion feeling almost every time I was doing it, I keep reminding myself that I was indirectly contributing to patients care. While I was putting the carts away, I went in a patient room and I recognized the patient. I remembered that when this patient first arrived to our floor, she was on the verge of death. Her conditions were so poor that she kept saying "I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die". Since she didn't have enough strength to hold the spoon on her own, I had to feed her gently. Suprisingly, the appearance that I saw today was completetly a new figure to me. She was in good health, and she restored her liveliness that have lost on her face before, and she spoke to me in a very well-accomplished(almost condescending) tone. To me, this was a good news! Although I am not the doctor, I was able to see the triumphant transition that this patient had from severely illed conditions to a rigirous person. Seeing this patient made me feel accomplished as well because I played a role in her healthcare. Nevertheless, While I was intoxicated in this accomplished feeling, the next wave that came up to me was an unplaesant one. An guy in his late 50th transferred to our floor. I immediately recognized him because a week ago during our small chat, he encouraged me to pursue what I love. I consolidated both his image and his words in my memory. However, today he looked frail. He seems like a vampire just sucked the life out of him, and the only thing left was a little energy that he needs to maintain his life and consciousness. I shadowed the nurse who was taking care of him, and later I returned to his room to exchange words. I asked him what happened and expressed my heartbreaking feelings. Despite I told him to believe that he will regain his strength, I did not know if my words really made him feel hopeful. I did not know if it's a right chocie for me to express my concerns and feelings in front of him. In the end, he gave me a smile and I returned the good-bye courtesy. To be honest, I didn't even know if I will be able to see him again a week later, but the only thing I can do for now is to pray the best for him. 

On the way to home, I felt delighted by the fact that I did an awesome job as a volunteer, but deeply concerned about this man's health. However, this ambivalent feeling only made me further confirmed about my decision of pursuing medicine. All the negativity was gone, all the self-doubts dissipated, and I restored my confidence and self-worth after today's volunteer experience. I realized that medicine is an excellent field where it not only allows me to help patients, but it also helps to define my character and  enables me to find my self-values.
